so hello everyone today i will show how
change and where to change the antifreeze car
Tavria slavuta means the first thing that you
need this one bolt this one bolt
unscrew push tape here it shows
finger
just a car hot year you can see it i
already it tore to take this bolt see i
I will use a hose I will stick a hose
engine from the elevator to the place gave if you
have already traveled two or three years on antifreeze
and you have not stuck thermostat
change my thermostat just in case
I've never had problems with such
metal in car key in Polish costs 120
hryvnia brand store for it
wax thermostat honestly say such
It stands up for three years never
wedge because I sometimes
the reverse daughter of the same contact gouging
my sensor is only 48 hryvnia
sensor 8790
thermostat just as well 87 degrees after
the way you merge the engine by the way
generator is better to wrap some owl
there is a traffic jam on the radiator
this cork
system
here's a hose us goes down the generator
engine antifreeze flow down here
go to I already bought was from me
such is very good for such a lie
it is more than a sale is not seen therefore
bought something like one to one
divorced and brewed 250 engine and
the radiator is so clear
almost transparent on 1 tank for whom he
pulls down